meta stuff (#47)
cordis-lib/cordis: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---

name: Bug report
about: Report incorrect or unexpected behavior of any cordis libraries/packages
title: ''

> labels: 's: unverified, type: bug'

Reviewer: We should probably re-do labels before we merge this and think about things a little.

Though these look good here.

assignees: ''
---
<!-- Thanks to Discord.js for this bug report template -->

> **Which cordis library/package are you facing this issue in?:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Which cordis libraries/services are you facing this issue in?:**
```

Makes more sense to include the actual built-in micro-services.

**Please describe the problem you are having in as much detail as possible:**

**Include a reproducible code sample here, if possible:**

```ts
// Place your code here
```

**Further details:**

> - Cordis Package Version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Only keep and fill out what's applicable to you -->
- `@cordis/gateway` version:
- `@cordis/rest` version:
```

etc
